[Hyperdrive] changelog (#21352)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/hyperdrive/2025-04-08-hyperdrive-free-plan.mdx

---
title: Hyperdrive Free plan makes fast, global database access available to all
description: Hyperdrive is now available on the Free plan of Cloudflare Workers, enabling you to build Workers that connect to PostgreSQL or MySQL databases without compromise.
products:
  - hyperdrive
date: 2025-04-08T18:00:00Z
---

Hyperdrive is now available on the Free plan of Cloudflare Workers, enabling you to build Workers that connect to PostgreSQL or MySQL databases without compromise.

> Over the past year, we've realized that Hyperdrive is critical to building Workers applications that connect to SQL databases. We want you to be able to build on fast, global apps on Workers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Low-latency access to SQL databases is critical to building full-stack Workers applications. We want you to be able to build on fast, global apps on Workers,
```

regardless of the tools you use. So we made Hyperdrive available for all, to make it easier to build Workers that connect to PostgreSQL and MySQL.

> To highlight this announcement, we wrote a [deep dive article](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-hyperdrive-speeds-up-database-access) on how Hyperdrive can provide up to 4x faster database queries which you should check out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to learn more about how Hyperdrive works, read the [deep dive](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-hyperdrive-speeds-up-database-access) on how Hyperdrive can make your database queries up to 4x faster.
```

![Hyperdrive provides edge connection setup and global connection pooling for optimal latencies.](~/assets/images/hyperdrive/configuration/hyperdrive-global-placement.png)

> [Get started](/hyperdrive/get-started/) with Hyperdrive for PostgreSQL or MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the docs to [get started](/hyperdrive/get-started/) with Hyperdrive for PostgreSQL or MySQL.
```
